README.md, before:

# Mediadesain UI Library - Boilerplate
This UI library was created & used by Mediadesain Team and open for public. Demo and preview medes-ui. For more detail about documentation visit official site [here](https://doc.mediadesain.com/).

## How to Install & Use
### MedesUI Lib Install
- Install Mediadesain UI - Library `npm i medes-ui`.
- Install with spesific version `npm i medes-ui@0.0.1`.
- Import modules, component libs or utils to use.

### Others Dependencies need to install.
- Install PrismJs `npm i prismjs` & import css theme prismjs.

## Version
More detail about the changes writen on [changelog](https://github.com/mediadesain/medes-ui-boilerplate/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).
### 14.0.2 - (Release - 231114)
- Fix Close Button Modal styling on fullscreen mode
- Add getMinMax() funtion to MdsNumberUtils, for searching min & max values from array of numbers
- Versioning now is documented
### 13.0.3 (Patch - 231114)
- Patch medes-ui lib 13.0.2 (include for changes 14.0.0 - 14.0.1)
### 14.0.1 - (Release - 231112)
- Fix Modes Modal Component styling
- Filter Reset Component content is customizable
- Code higlight prismjs height is customizable
- Update documentation to flexbox & scroll top when routing
- Make medes-ui-boilerplate documentaton able to run for source code porpose, hide medes-ui lib only for medes team
### 14.0.0 - (Release - 231109)
- Upgrade library to Angular 14
- Support angular 14
- Standalone Component supported
### 13.0.2 (Release - 231108)
- Add & Update documentation for Layout Utils, Grid System, Modal
- Medes Modal Component (beta)
- Publish lib 13.0.2
### 13.0.1 - (Release - 231026)
- Renaming pipe
- Update documentation for Pipe
- Publish lib 13.0.1
### 13.0.0 - (Release - 231023)
- Upgrade library to Angular 13
- Multiple Filter Checkbox Removed, upgrade to Filter Components
- Support angular 13

Commit message:

RELEASE(medes-ui) : Takedown v.13.0.4 & republish as v.1.13.4

README.md, after:

# Mediadesain UI Library - Boilerplate
This UI library was created & used by Mediadesain Team and open for public. Demo and preview medes-ui. For more detail about documentation visit official site [here](https://doc.mediadesain.com/).

## How to Install & Use
### MedesUI Lib Install
- Install Mediadesain UI - Library `npm i medes-ui`.
- Install with spesific version `npm i medes-ui@0.0.1`.
- Import modules, component libs or utils to use.

### Others Dependencies need to install.
- Install PrismJs `npm i prismjs` & import css theme prismjs.

## Version
More detail about the changes writen on [changelog](https://github.com/mediadesain/medes-ui-boilerplate/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).
### Takedown & Republish library (Republish - 231122)
- All medes-ui libraries version major version will be renamed put to minor
- For example 13.0.1 will be changed to 1.13.1, if example version 14.0.2 will be 1.14.2
### 13.0.4 (Patch - 231114)
- Patch medes-ui lib 13.0.4 (include for changes 14.0.2)
### 14.0.2 - (Release - 231114)
- Fix Close Button Modal styling on fullscreen mode
- Add getMinMax() funtion to MdsNumberUtils, for searching min & max values from array of numbers
- Versioning now is documented
### 13.0.3 (Patch - 231114)
- Patch medes-ui lib 13.0.2 (include for changes 14.0.0 - 14.0.1)
### 14.0.1 - (Release - 231112)
- Fix Modes Modal Component styling
- Filter Reset Component content is customizable
- Code higlight prismjs height is customizable
- Update documentation to flexbox & scroll top when routing
- Make medes-ui-boilerplate documentaton able to run for source code porpose, hide medes-ui lib only for medes team
### 14.0.0 - (Release - 231109)
- Upgrade library to Angular 14
- Support angular 14
- Standalone Component supported
### 13.0.2 (Release - 231108)
- Add & Update documentation for Layout Utils, Grid System, Modal
- Medes Modal Component (beta)
- Publish lib 13.0.2
### 13.0.1 - (Release - 231026)
- Renaming pipe
- Update documentation for Pipe
- Publish lib 13.0.1
### 13.0.0 - (Release - 231023)
- Upgrade library to Angular 13
- Multiple Filter Checkbox Removed, upgrade to Filter Components
- Support angular 13
